The Joe Rogan experience.
I saw that conversation with that dude about the svix mm-hmm <affirmative> I
think he said it was like 9,000 BC or something. Well.
This is Graham Hancock. Yeah. And, um, or Robert shock, Robert shock.
Who's a geologist at Boston university is actually taken, uh,
the time to examine the erosion around the outside of the fixky.
The fix itself has been worked on a lot. There's been a lot of, uh,
rehabilitation of the pause. They've sort of rebuilt it,
which is kind of a shame, but it's, it's made out of a, sort of a soft stone.
Yeah. And it's eroding and falling apart.
And when they found the fix,
like when Napoleon found the fix, it was, it was buried underst sand.
So this is the thing that had been buried. And,
and reexposedd like many times they think throughout history and what Robert
shock had found in discovering this, the, uh,
temple where this fix was carved. And the,
the area that surrounds this fix was this deep fisures in the walls that at
were indicative of thousands of years of rainfall.
The problem with that is the last time there was rainfall in the Nile valley was
9,000 BC. Right. Right, right. So they're dealing with like, and, and,
and you have to go back thousands of, or 9,000 years ago, it might be 7,000 BC,
but you have to deal with thousands of years of rainfall prior or to that,
to create this.
So that means that this was something that was clearly carved by man has
thousands of years of rainfall that eroded it.
And you're dealing with a time period where the last time they had this rainfall
in this area was thousands of years before they think people
were even capable building things like this. Maybe it.
Was a lizard. People, you go do David Icho bro. Do you know? You know,
that theory about, uh, the super intelligent dinosaurs that fled underground?
Oh God.
<Laugh> no, but it's funny. Like there's so many wacky theories. It's funny.
Like what I'll roll my eyes at. Isn't.
It even slightly, even tiny,
tiny bit more likely that humans came from a planet and after they destroyed it
and then receded and we lost our way of life.
Yeah. It's possible. Look, if we're gonna go to Mars, like,
what is the origin tale gonna look like a hundred thousand years from now?
Once we go to Mars.
Let's take the, the, the, the climate change, you know,
global warming stuff to its logical conclusion of rising tides in a greenhouse
runaway, greenhouse of fact. Right? So we, we built one ship.
Elon Musk builds one ship with a very small crew of, you know,
how many people are gonna be on that. Do you know on his, my.
I donion. I D gotta have some chicks though. Yeah. I think I read,
gotta repopulate the earth. Right? So it's gotta be men and women,
and the people are gonna have to be, boy,
heterosexuality's gonna be favored because you're,
you can't have gay people that aren't gonna breed on a, you know,
you have two lesbians, like, oh, we need to have it only populated by lesbians.
Well, there's no more. Do you have, do you guys have buckets of sperm and a,
a Turkey based here?
Because how else are you gonna make people when you're over there?
I was reading that they're gonna go with people.
Who are already coupled, ah, and they're gonna, you know,
with like 10 couples or whatever, I don't know about Elon Musk specifically,
but that was like our wife swapping going on in space.
They did talk about that too. I was reading like the,
the most optimal theory for colonizing Mars would be like polyamorous people,
something like 10 people already, coupled, not that they're polyamorous,
but spec there's gonna be, com-mingling eventually.
Expect commingling. Oh, so it's burning man and space. But, but,
but check it out.
Let's say, let's say we sent a, a Mars expedition, you know, uh, 10 families.
We've got, you know, two of each, they start having kids. They,
we send cargo there. We,
they start building and then earth wipes itself up runaway greenhouse.
We can't get a control things, nuclear war, whatever. Right?
The planet becomes a, a desolate wasteland.
There's no more communication to those who are on Mars. So the last remaining,
you know, a hundred or so people who are now on Mars,
the adults who remember earth write down a book, here's everyth. That happened.
Here's what you should and shouldn't do. Mm here's how we lived.
And they give to their kids. Now, their kids never experienced earth.
They know nothing about it. In fact,
those kids only have a fleeting image of the 10 technology that they once had.
Now got two more generations down. The old tech where we use to colonize.
Mars is now decaying and falling apart. They have no idea to fix it.
The original colonists are dead. Go down three more generations.
Now you've got a few thousand humans start moving off, looking for resources.
And no one has any idea. Earth even was a real thing.
Other than the stories they heard about the military leader in the, in the,
in the orbitals orbitals bay station, who long since died.
So now they have this book.
They don't fully understand their language is now changing.
As they separate from each other and find different areas of the planet now,
English or whatever language they were speaking becomes 10 different languages.
Now they're translating the book. Now it's a thousand years later,
they don't even know earth existed.
And they have this weird book about the way things used to be.
And now of the billions of, you know, now we're 10,000,
20,000 years in the future. And they find, you know, these old ancient relics.
And they're like, I wonder what if.
You don't even smoke pot, do you? No, man, I don't smoke pot.
Imagine if you did, <laugh> imagine you did.
You'd have so many more of these theories, but that's a good one.
That's a good theory. But I that's.
To me, that's the logical conclusion.
That's why I like the story of like humans came from Venus,
not saying it's true. You.
Know, that there's a, there's a, a,
there's a group of people from Africa that actually the,
the Dogan, the dojon people, is that what it is, Dogon people.
And they, they talk about, uh,
the very specific area of Mars where human being
came from. And they have a,
a really weird understanding of cosmology. Like they,
they know some things that they're like, Hmm, where'd you, where what,
and their,
their origin story is that people were living on Mars and that they destroyed
Mars and had to escape Mars and come to earth. There you go. So it's sort of a,
a very similar version of it.
And now when you add that to what they know about Mars,
that Mars used to be like a, a hospitable place to,
to large maybe.
Water. Yeah. Well, think about it this way too.
Let's say that we had an orbital space station over the new planet where
terraforminging mm. What kind of a government would exist?
Let's say earth is wiped out, right?
The only survivors on an oral space station,
over Mars with a small co in the base, it's gonna be a military dictatorship,
not intentionally, not from this evil perspective,
but from a you're the general you're second command.
We've always operated this way. It's a military mission, right. You know,
the person who's in charge is in charge.
And then eventually you build up the colony to a certain point where second in
second in command, or one of the favorite lieutenants says,
it's time to enact democracy. And the general says, no.
And then a civil war breaks out in the heavens people on the ground,
watching the, the ships shoot at each other and blow each other up.
And then all the technology gets wiped out.
You should really start smoking pot. Nah.
No, you know what I want, you know what, but there's a,
there's a lot of ways to interpret like, uh, various ancient, spiritual,
religious texts in a science fictiony kind of way. So I actually,
you know, talked to my friends about this and we like kind of, what if,
what if the Bible and, and, you know,
the old Testament were viewed from a science fiction perspective,
not to be disrespectful.
I'm not trying to disrespect anyone's religion or anything like that. But like,
what if we tried to apply a lens of,
from a futuristic perspective of our understanding of technology to how they may
have viewed what was going on back then? Mm. So,
so you know what the cargo cults are. Yes. For those that don't, it's, you know,
these natives on these islands saw planes didn know what they were.
So they built EFS of the planes, like I guess, hoping they'd or whatever. Right.
So when I saw that, I wondered, you know, a lot of people ask that question.
What if we did the same thing with aliens?
And the other question is what would we do if we destroyed our own planet?
Like people say we are, and how would that, how would that, you know,
result in a government? How would that result in stories?
It would be so funny if we destroy this planet,
we'd go to Mars and repopulate Mars and fix it up.
And then away that place back, back to earth after we're done, cuz like,
look at what's going on right now during this pandemic,
the skies are clear than ever before the Venice canals in Italy have dolphins
in. Now you could see the ground jellyfish. You realize how disgusting we are.
Yeah. And how we're we're gross. Like what we've done to Los Angeles is amazing.
And in just a month and a half, the air is pristine. Still clear.
You could see forever. It's a different world.
Now imagine if that's what happens. If we go to Mars, we that place up,
come back to earth, look, it's fixed. We're back.
You know, I guess if we can sustain our technology.
Yeah. Did you find that Dogon tribe find that? Yeah, but it's it actually said,
it's talking about sir Siri, right? Not a Mar,
but didn't they have something about Mars as well. I,
I typed literally that and Mars and that just took me to serious stuff instead
of Mars serious. Yeah. The, the star, the star serious, but they,
they understand they have a pull, pull up a, a story out on it. If you can.
It's a, it's a weird thing in terms of like the cosmology,
like what they understand. And this is, you know,
relatively primitive tribe that has this, uh, origin story.
Well, it's like the end of, uh, battle star. Isn't.
Very good at all.
Oh the end of Battlestar galaecica they, they find earth.
The new battle star gala galaica is so good. Isn't it? Yeah.
It's one of the most more recent raid. Yeah. The, the more recent one,
one of the most underrated science fiction series ever, it was.
So good. Well, not, not to act like my ideas are original. The,
the series ends with them discovering a habitable planet. Yes. With, with, uh,
uh, um, what are they, spoiler alert, spoiler alert with a, um,
a species that's compatible with them. Yes. They find primitive humans.
And so if that story, you know, that's an interesting story. Yes.
We would lose all knowledge of the previous planets and technology. And well.
Imagine if we flew to another planet for the first time we landed there and it's
like 1940s America, <laugh>.
They're like, whoa.
Or maybe do if we could, we could them. You know, they'd,
be'd so impressed with you. Well.
What if,
what if we find a spaceship underground with ancient tech and we don't know what
it is and it turns.
Out it's ours, the Dogon tribe,
the NoMo and their fascinating cosmic knowledge deep in Northwest Africa,
more precisely in Mai, we find one of the oldest,
most fascinating ancient cultures to develop on earth. Um,
so the ancient Dogon tribe is known for the religious traditions, ritual dances,
their massive ritual masks, their wooden sculptures and their architecture.
However,
they're also known for their incredible astronomical knowledge and their
fascinating mythological accounts.
The Dogan have a compelling ancient tradition.
They mention myths and legends that go thousands of years into the past
predating, possibly even their own history. Some authors like Robert shock.
Who's also the guy from Boston university. Um,
he's the geologist that talked about the Springs argue that the Dogon were
people who originated in Africa,
but who had been forced to leave ancient Egypt due to their religious
persecutions. Uh,
it is in his opinion that the Dogon may preserve ancient Egyptian
traditions, myths that may even have been carried into the present age,
claiming that the Dogon have a powerful cosmic connection I can go on for this
will take too long to read. Yeah. Cause I'm just gonna just blah, blah.
Blah. So what does that coincidence ancient knowledge. Well.
It's just, they understand the, the cosmos and you could,
you'd have to go to the story, but it's a, it's a weird story.
It's a weird like, oh, how do they know this? Like what, what a weird origin.
Story, but you've seen zegeist the original. Yes. Yes. Where, where, you know,
in the first,
I mean he talks about the three Kings of Aions belt pointing to the star in the
east mm-hmm <affirmative> to where the sun rises and the third day. Yeah, yeah.
Maybe, maybe their stories are just, just that, you know, we, what,
what could we do, but stare at the sky and that's.
A good point. Yeah. Yeah. When you stop and look,
if you were traveling across the country, as you were,
did you get a chance to stop and look in the middle of nowhere at the,
at the sky? Of course. amazing. Yeah. Isn't it ridiculous?
Isn't it gross that were robbed of that.
Yeah. And it wasn't, it, there, there was a story that I think in Los Angeles,
the power went out,
this black out in the nineties and the police got tons of calls from P people
who didn't know what they were seeing in the sky. It was the Milky way. Galaxy.
Those.
Are the same people that are injectinglysol right now. <laugh>.
They aren't though. I know, you know?
Oh, somebody might, there's probably a few.
Yeah. Well, you know, if you're going to.
I.